Okay.
So now we have a single mutation that can overwrite a piece of our view, text or state.
And so in this lesson, we're going to see how we can run or execute that mutation.
So what I'd like to show you is a before and after we're going to take a look at our store state before
we run the mutation and afterwards.
And if we've set up everything correctly, then we should see the value of the is logged in property
change from false to true.
So right below my store I'm going to apply a console.log.
And of course we have our store right here and this is a complex store object with lots of properties
and methods.
So it's very important that you don't just try to access is logged in on this store.
You actually need to go into a nested property here called state.
So this state object holds all of our store state and of course we have a single property on that state
object and it is is logged in.
Okay.
Now I want to run or execute my mutation.
And the technical word for this in the view ecosystem is commit.
Commit is also the name of the method that I have to invoke on my store object to run a mutation.
So right here on my store object, I'll invoke the commit method and commit takes a single argument
representing the mutation that I want to run as a string.
So in this case I'm going to pass in log in, underscore user.
It's very important that you type this out exactly as we called it right here.
Right.
And this is sort of the entire point of mutations.
We have limited the set of operations or ways in which we can modify the store state.
We have told View X that the only way that we can change the store state right now is by running a log
in user mutation.
Of course, later on we can add many different mutations, but the fact remains that mutations are the
desired way and really the only way that we should be modifying the view store state.
So commit is really the way that you should be modifying the store state.
You should never be reaching into state and manually adjusting a property.
You should always be issuing a message or in this case, a method, a mutation to the store in order
to get it to change its internal state.
All right.
So we're going to tell the store to update its state using the log in user mutation.
So it's going to run this code.
And of course, after this, we expect that if we console.log stored that state that is logged in,
we should see it be the opposite value of true.
So now if I go to my browser.
And I open up my console here.
We can see we have the initial starting value of false.
Then in between we ran that mutation using the commit method and we swapped the value using true.
And let me just show you what's going to happen if we accidentally type in a run mutation name.
So let's say I actually misspell this and say log in use.
If I go to my browser, we're going to see a false and we can see at the end that false has also remained
the original value.
We can see View X is going to tell us unknown mutation type log in use.
So that's one of the benefits is it's going to keep track of the existing mutations that we've registered
and tell us, hey, this is not a valid way that you've allowed to update the store.
Please give me a valid mutation.
All right.
So with that, we can delete all of these lines.
We no longer need them.
That is just the key takeaway from this lesson.
To issue a mutation to the store in order to update its store state, we call the commit method and
we give it a string with the name of a valid mutation that we've defined in our mutations object.
When configuring the create store function.
All right.
Or the object that we passed to it to be more specific.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see next one.